Documentation Clean Up - Part 1 (Concepts) (#7260)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/apiserver_admission_plugins.md

_(both enabled by default)_

These admission controllers react on `CREATE` operations for `Shoot`s.
If the `Shoot` does not specify any OIDC configuration (`.spec.kubernetes.kubeAPIServer.oidcConfig=nil`), then it tries to find a matching `ClusterOpenIDConnectPreset` or `OpenIDConnectPreset`, respectively.

> If there are multiples that match, then the one with the highest weight "wins".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are multiple matches, then the one with the highest weight "wins".
```
